Ideas for future tabs

Build price prediction. Find which variables impact price the most by time of year. Build model to predict those x variables. How does price change
as fundamental factors change?

Anomaly Finder: find and display relationships that are far from normal. Correct for trends, seasonlity, fundamental factors.
Fertilizer price/vol prediction tool
Model Builder: You give it a y variable to predict (time series) and it gives back top N predictive variables and prediction.
Overall price predictions based on fundamental models.
Cash commodity prices at elevator level displayed on map. Build it so someone can easily see cash spreads and basis level changes over time. 5 days,
20 days, 60 days, 120, etc.
Tool to pick two commodities and delivery months. Get annual history of that specific spread (e.g SX / CZ).  Also be able to pick 4 spreads and look at the scatter of one spread against another. 

Export Dashboard:
1. CNF prices to major importers from all major exporters. For each importer - stats on recent imports (gtt) including volumes and recent origins, 
average price spread of the month 



World Supply and Demand Model:
For top 20 importing countries build a delivered price from top exporters. Matrix becomes delivered prices as columns and each country as a row. Sort to find
top n priced exporters. Track countries place in price lineup against exports between those two countries. What is best structure for target variable?
Spread from next best ranked price? e.g Dlvd Morocco, french origin = 6.7/bu. Dlvd Morocco, Arg origin = 7.1. To predict one countries exports:
Think of it as a standard time series prediction problem. Adjust for trend, adjust for seasonality. Build x matrix to predict next months exports.
X = relative price in dlvd price matrix to historical top 15 importing countries, fundamental factors of exporting country pulled from WASDE to give idea
of how much a country has to export, historical exports to the top 15 importers, month tags (one hot encoding). 
y = next month exports? eventual change in final wasde?

Build to update every day with a new cash commodity price. Feed assumed export number into the balance sheet. Feed that new balance sheet into the price model.
Report '2nd order predicted price.' What happens as you continue to move price and make subsequent changes?

Need historical cash fob prices plus freight.

Correlation Tracker:
Build dash to show serial correlation present in all prices we track. Try to understand when trends are most likely running out of steam.
Show correlations between different assets... find strongest correlations in last n periods... trade it as a spread? How to monetize? 
